How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Using the diff command, we can find the bug quickly
    as compared to when we have to compare the file 
    manually, which is hell lot of work and sometimes
    it is not possible also(for programs with millions of lines of code).

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If we have made some changes, but we did not like
    the changes and have to go back to the previous version, then looking the entire history of the file can help you a lot by reverting back those changes.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually choose when to commit is helpful so that we don't have various useless versions of a file with no logical change. Manually committing helps us to commit the file only when we have done some logical change and that should be made a new version.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Since each version control systems has its own features(has some advantages and disadvantages), so if you are working with multiple files at a particular time(like a creating a website), then you should use. But if you are using a single file(like writing a blog), then there is no need to use git as you could use Google Doc for that as well.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log is used to see all the commits of the repository from the command line(entire history of how changes are made to the project) 
    git diff compares the project using 2 commit id's 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It will make me more confident to make changes as I know if any problem occurs in the current version, then I could revert back to the previous one.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try all the major feautures which we can do using Git, like committing and make repositories on Github.
